README.md, before:

# FlightPlugin
## Introduction
This is a plugin for [BakkesMod](https://bakkesmod.com/), a [Rocket League](https://www.rocketleague.com/) mod. It provides a new set of flight mechanics to the game such as lift, drag, and stabilization to the base game. It works in training, custom training, and workshop maps.

### Installation
After installing BakkesMod and Rocket League, place the flightplugin.dll and flightplugin.set files in these respective folders:
- \Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\rocketleague\Binaries\Win32\bakkesmod\plugins
- \Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\rocketleague\Binaries\Win32\bakkesmod\plugins\settings

### Using FlightPlugin
In game, open the BakkesMod GUI with `F2`. On the far right tab, `Plugins`, click on `Flight Plugin` in the side bar.

With `Flight Plugin` selected, load the plugin and enable it with the `Load Plugin` and `Enable Flight` buttons respectively. Play with the sliders at your own risk!

## Contributing
You must have BakkesMod downloaded. Visual Studio is the recommended IDE for compiling the `.dll` files.

Set these environment variables in your OS:
- `BakkesSDK` : `Drive:\Program Files %28x86%29\Steam\steamapps\common\rocketleague\Binaries\Win32\bakkesmod\bakkesmodsdk\include\`
- `BakkesLIB` : `Drive:\Program Files %28x86%29\Steam\steamapps\common\rocketleague\Binaries\Win32\bakkesmod\bakkesmodsdk\include\lib\`

Commit message:

removed flightplugin.dll/.set from repo, moved to releases, updated readme on how to download plugin

README.md, after:

# FlightPlugin
## Introduction
This is a plugin for [BakkesMod](https://bakkesmod.com/), a [Rocket League](https://www.rocketleague.com/) mod. It provides a new set of flight mechanics to the game such as lift, drag, and stabilization to the base game. It works in training, custom training, and workshop maps.

### Installation
After installing BakkesMod and Rocket League, go into this repository's Releases and download the `flightplugin.dll` and `flightplugin.set` files. Place the `flightplugin.dll` and `flightplugin.set` files in these folders, respectively:
- \Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\rocketleague\Binaries\Win32\bakkesmod\plugins
- \Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\rocketleague\Binaries\Win32\bakkesmod\plugins\settings

### Using FlightPlugin
In game, open the BakkesMod GUI with `F2`. On the far right tab, `Plugins`, click on `Flight Plugin` in the side bar.

With `Flight Plugin` selected, load the plugin and enable it with the `Load Plugin` and `Enable Flight` buttons respectively. Play with the sliders at your own risk!

## Contributing
You must have BakkesMod downloaded (this plugin requires the Bakkesmod SDK and lib files). Visual Studio is the recommended IDE for compiling the `.dll` files, and must be set to Release and x86.

Set these environment variables in your OS:
- `BakkesSDK` : `Drive:\Program Files %28x86%29\Steam\steamapps\common\rocketleague\Binaries\Win32\bakkesmod\bakkesmodsdk\include\`
- `BakkesLIB` : `Drive:\Program Files %28x86%29\Steam\steamapps\common\rocketleague\Binaries\Win32\bakkesmod\bakkesmodsdk\include\lib\`

Reopening Visual Studio should refresh the OS environment variables. If you have any questions, feel free to reach out to us on Github or in the [BakkesMod Discord](https://discord.gg/9PtUKcj).
